# Sep-02, 2022

### Renaming a React App
- To rename a react application, change the directory name and package.json name.
- If we delete package-lock, it can be regenerated by running npm install.
- It is strictly advised that WE DO NOT TOUCH package-lock.json.


## Destructuring
- There are two types of destructuring
- Destructure - Dismantle | Disassemble.
- We dismantle the composed object/array into various memory variables.
- This is also referred as unpacking from objects and arrays.
- [1, 2, 3, 4]
- [a, b, c, d]

### Array destructuring
- This was introduced first (ES6 - 2015)
- This is used to dismantle the array.
- This can be used to separate elements, very commonly used in React.
- We can combine this with Rest and Spread Operators.
- In react we can use this with useState.

### Object Destructuring
- Around ES8/ES9 time.
- Dismantling but for object.
- Because the index does not exist here, the destructured variable should have the same name as key name.
- In, the variable is not free or cannot be used. Therefore we write as a key value pair. Key is the string of the key which needs to be matched, value is the variable which will have the data.
- Usage Example - In react, instead of using props object, we can use destucturing for that object.
- This can be used with other things as well. Like Rest operator.

### Rest Operator
- This is used to gather the remaining things into a single structure.
- This will either create an array or an object based on what is on the RHS.
- This is mostly used in function parameters.
- This is used to make things dynamic.

### Spread Operator 
- Spread means Expanding. Used to expand the collection.
- It can be anything, an array or an object.
- This can be considered similar to destructuring.
- Syntax is same as rest.
- In spread, we are dismantling the variable into another collection (object, array).
- Difference with destructuring is that we assign directly to variables.
- Here, we are indirectly keeping it in memory location.
- This is also used for function arguments.
- Usage - Combination of responses for Pagination (Infinite scroll).

**If we are using ... with an existing variable, it is most probably spread, but we are using ... with a new variable, it is most probably rest.**

*In any parameter or a destructuring, there can be only 1 rest operator however in a situation, there can be multiple spread operators.* 


## Concatenation
- The process of Concatenate is concatenation.
- Concatenate is an english word meaning combining/linking things together.
- Typically (Most commonly) we use strings as an example for concatenation. However, it is possible that other data types are concatenated.


### Assignment:
- Swap 2 numbers without destructuring and without using any third variable.